Add React Native Hermes Profiling Alpha (#7228)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/profiling/index.mdx

</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection supported={["react-native"]}>

```javascript
Sentry.init({

>   dsn: "__DSN__",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dsn: "___DSN___",
```

Reviewer: needs more underscores to work :)

</PlatformSection>

<PlatformSection supported={["react-native"]}>

<Note>

> React Native Profiling alpha is available since SDK version `5.7.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profiling for React Native is available in alpha in SDK versions `5.7.0` and above.
```

</Note>

To enable profiling, set the `profilesSampleRate`:

```javascript
Sentry.init({

>   dsn: "__DSN__",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  dsn: "___DSN___",
```

  tracesSampleRate: 1.0,
  _experiments: {

>     // The sampling rate for profiling is relative to TracesSampleRate.
>     // In this case, we'll capture profiles for 100% of transactions.
>     profilesSampleRate: 1.0,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // profilesSampleRate is relative to tracesSampleRate.
    // Here, we'll capture profiles for 100% of transactions.
    profilesSampleRate: 1.0,
```

- If the automatic instrumentation is not sending performance data, try using <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation">custom instrumentation</PlatformLink>.
- Enable <PlatformLink to="/configuration/options/#debug">debug mode</PlatformLink> in the SDK and check the logs.

<PlatformSection supported={["react-native"]}>

### Limitations

> Profile samples are collected periodically and sampling frequency is fixed make sure to check whether the overhead is within the acceptable range for your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profile samples are collected at a fixed sampling frequency. We recommend checking if profiling's [Performance Overhead](/product/profiling/performance-overhead) is acceptable for your use case.
```

> We are working on symbolication of the collected profiles. Out of the box, you will see function names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We are working on symbolication of the collected profiles. Out of the box, you will see function names.
```

> As always, and especially with Profiling in React Native being an alpha feature, feedback is welcome on [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/621778831602221064/750735628932612096) or [GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/2668).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As always, and especially since Profiling in React Native is an alpha feature, feedback is welcome on [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/621778831602221064/750735628932612096) or [GitHub](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-react-native/issues/2668).
```
